SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT

ACADEMICS
ADMISSIONS
IMPACT
RESEARCH
PEOPLE
CAMPUS
JACOBS INSTITUTE
VISIT
Search Query
Privacy Policy
Cornell Tech is committed to protecting your privacy

 

The following privacy notice describes what information we collect from you when you visit Cornell Tech and affiliated sites, and how we use this information from those sites, such as: Tech.cornell.edu, Careermanagement.tech.cornell.edu, Construction.tech.cornell.edu, Cornelltech.secure.force.com/CornellTech, Security.tech.cornell.edu, Thecafe.tech.cornell.edu, Witny.tech.cornell.edu. Please read this privacy notice carefully so that you understand our privacy practices.

 

EFFECTIVE DATE OF PRIVACY NOTICE

The privacy notice was last revised on November 01, 2018.

 

 

What information we gather during your visit

Information we gather:

We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit our websites. This data is used in conjunction with Google Analytics to gather metrics on site usage including geographic location of visitors, pathways navigated through our websites, and which portion of our audience is internal to the Cornell network. The information we collect with Google Analytics is not linked to anything that identifies you as an individual. Your session will be tracked but you will remain anonymous as a user. As part of Google Analytics, we also gather device and browser-related information.

 

Information you may provide:

The following information may be collected from you, depending on how you choose to interact with our websites, programs, and other services. Some of the information we ask you to provide may be required for our programs and services; other information may be voluntarily provided.

Contact Information: name, physical address, country, province, phone number, email address, emergency contact information.

Employment Information: company name, address, phone, fax, email, website, description, parent organization, union membership status, position/title, years in job, responsibilities, position you report to, next step in career path, previous positions, employers and years, resume (file-upload).

Education: GMAT, TOEFL, IELTS, GPA, previous college names, degrees, GPAs, current college, current class (Freshman – Senior), major/concentration.

Academic Diversity Initiatives: EOP or HEOP applicability (which could include socioeconomic status, gender, ethnicity, race) and other information pertinent to campus diversity initiatives such as disability accommodations, sexual orientation and dietary restrictions.

Professional Business Analysis Tools: (very specific information on your business including but not limited to:) business name, address, type, size (sq. ft.), number of employees, titles, positions, wages, cost of running business, seating and table data for restaurants, data related to hire / replace employees.

 
 

How we use your information

We use automatically gathered information to track user trends and site usage with the goal of improving our visitors’ experience and optimizing our websites. We also use the information to administer the websites and prevent abuse.

Information you provide to us is used for the following purposes:

to send you notifications and important information pertaining to your records and for emergencies
to consider your application for admission to our schools and programs
to associate you with all your Cornell records and engagements, as well as for internal, administrative, and academic support needs
to provide disability and dietary accommodations for events and programs, as well as linking students with diversity and inclusion opportunities and events on campus
to share Cornell-related news, publications, courses, events, programs, and other opportunities tailored to your interests based on your job, organization, industry, website visits, interests, and needs
to offer assistance, web or printed materials, services, and support upon your request
to apply formulas on the professional business information you provide and generate reports, which may assist you in decisions to improve your business (this information is private and not shared with any third parties)

 
 

With whom we share your information

Information we gather may also be shared with campus constituents to improve programs, outreach, and other campus initiatives. Additionally, metrics may be shared with vendors to improve communications related to these activities. However, we will not sell this data to third-parties for their use in direct marketing, advertising, or for the promotion of their products and services. The third-parties we partner with to help deliver services to you can be found below:

 

Partner	Uses	Related Policies
Facebook	Software that helps us create specific ads that may appear on your Facebook page.	https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Member of the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield
Google	Analytics software that provides us anonymous information about website visitors.	https://policies.google.com/
Member of the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield
Salesforce	Hosting some of our forms for the applications process, as well as outreach and engagement with program alumni.	https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
Member of the EU/U.S. Privacy Shield
SiteImprove	To ensure that our website conforms to appropriate web accessibility standards.	https://siteimprove.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
Twitter	Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers.	https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Instagram	Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers.	https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
LinkedIn	Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers.	https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Localist	Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers.	https://www.localist.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Eventbrite	Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers.	https://www.eventbrite.com/support/articles/en_US/Troubleshooting/eventbrite-privacy-policy
Sumo	Analytics software that provides us anonymous information about website visitors.	https://help.sumo.com/hc/en-us/articles/218958727-Privacy-Policy
Element451	Outreach and engagement, events, and special offers.	https://element451.com/privacy-policy

 
 

Cookies and other collection technologies

Cookies

Cookies are text files stored on your computer and accessible only to the websites which create them.

Our websites may use cookies to keep you logged into secure areas of the website and/or to keep track of your preferences as you interact with certain services. You may disable cookies in your browser, however, our websites may not work properly if you do so.

Log Files

Our websites automatically gather anonymous information about our visitors including IP addresses, browser types, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The information collected does not include any personally identifiable details and is used to improve our services and administer our websites.

 
 

Protecting your information

No method of transmitting over the internet or storing electronic data is 100% secure, but this site has measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information that is under our control.

Email Marketing

We use email marketing platforms to communicate with audiences such as prospective students, event attendees, enrolled students, staff and faculty members, alumni, and corporate sponsors. All emails sent from these platforms include the physical address of the office sending the email, and a functioning unsubscribe or opt-out link. You may also contact the Office of Marketing and Communications directly (see the “Contact” section below) to opt-out or provide feedback on any email marketing campaigns.

Social Media Presence

If you share our content through social media, such as liking us on Facebook, interacting with us on LinkedIn or Instagram, or tweeting about us on Twitter, those social networks will record that you have done so and may set a cookie for this purpose.

If you wish to opt-out of any of these social interactions please refer to the specific social media platform for instructions on how to do so.

External Website Links

From time-to-time, we will link to external websites that we neither own nor control. Cornell University is not responsible for the content, privacy practices, or web accessibility needs on these websites.

Special Notice for EU Residents

If you are located within the European Economic Area (European Union, Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland), we acknowledge the rights granted to you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

These rights may include:

Right to access your information held by us
Right to correct inaccurate or incorrect information about you
Right to the erasure of your information when it is no longer necessary for us to retain it
Right to restrict processing of your personal information in specific situations
Right to object to processing your information, including sending you communications that may be considered direct-marketing materials
Right to object to automated decision-making and profiling, where applicable
Right to complain to a supervisory authority in your jurisdiction within the EU

Please contact us with any questions, concerns, or if you wish to exercise any of these rights: GDPR@cornell.edu

 
 

Contact Information

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy notice as it applies to this website:

Cornell Tech
Office of External Relations
2 West Loop Rd, 3rd Floor
New York, NY  10044
ExternalRelations@tech.cornell.edu

If you have questions about our privacy notice or the privacy practices it describes, please contact: privacy@cornell.edu.

 

ABOUT
About
News
Career Management
Jobs
DISCOVER
Contact
The Café
Give
Built at Cornell Tech
RESOURCES
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Safety & Security
CONNECT WITH US
Email Address
SUBSCRIBE
'Follow on facebook
'Follow on twitter
'Follow on youtube-play
'Follow on linkedin
'Follow on instagram

2 West Loop Road, New York, NY 10044

© 2019 Cornell Tech. All right reserved.